OH, THAT'S GOOD.
ALL RIGHT,
PHOEBE.
OKAY. IF I WERE
OMNIPOTENT FOR A DAY
I WOULD WANT, UM,
WORLD PEACE,
NO MORE HUNGER,
GOOD THINGS
FOR THE RAIN FOREST.
...AND BIGGER BOOBS.
WELL, SEE. YOU TOOK MINE.
CHANDLER WHAT ABOUT YOU?
IF I WERE OMNIPOTENT
FOR A DAY
I'D MAKE MYSELF OMNIPOTENT
FOREVER.
SEE, THERE'S ALWAYS ONE GUY.
"IF I HAD A WISH
"I'D WISH FOR
THREE MORE WISHES."
HEY, JOEY
WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF YOU WERE
OMNIPOTENT?
PROBABLY KILL MYSELF.
EXCUSE ME?
HEY, IF LITTLE JOEY'S DEAD
THEN I GOT NO REASON TO LIVE.
JOEY, UH...
OM NIPOTENT.
YOU ARE?
ROSS, I'M SORRY.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HOW DOES SHE
DO THAT?
I CANNOT SLEEP
IN A PUBLIC PLACE.
WOULD YOU LOOK AT HER?
SHE'S SO PEACEFUL.
( stirs )
( screams )
WHAT? WHAT?
HI.
IT'S OKAY, YOU KNOW.
YOU JUST NODDED OFF AGAIN.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I GOT NO SLEEP LAST NIGHT.
MY GRANDMOTHER
HAS THIS NEW BOYFRIEND
AND THEY'RE BOTH KIND OF
INSECURE IN BED.
AND DEAF.
THEY'RE CONSTANTLY
REASSURING EACH OTHER
THAT THEY'RE HAVING A GOOD TIME.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
HOW LOUD THEY ARE.
WELL, IF YOU WANT YOU CAN STAY
WITH RACHEL AND ME TONIGHT.
THANKS.
...95, 96, 97.
SEE, I TOLD YOU.
LESS THAN 100 STEPS
FROM OUR PLACE TO HERE.
YOU GOT TOO MUCH
FREE TIME.
HEY, THERE'S
THE BIRTHDAY BOY.
ROSS, CHECK IT OUT.
HOCKEY TICKETS,
RANGERS-PENGUINS
AND WE'RE TAKING YOU.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
WE LOVE YOU, MAN.
THAT'S FUNNY.
MY BIRTHDAY WAS
SEVEN MONTHS AGO.
SO?
SO, I'M GUESSING YOU
HAD AN EXTRA TICKET
AND COULDN'T DECIDE
WHO GOT TO BRING A DATE.
WELL, AREN'T WE
MR. THE-GLASS-IS-HALF-EMPTY?
OH, MY GOD.
OH. IS TODAY THE 20th,
OCTOBER 20th?
I WAS HOPING
YOU WOULDN'T REMEMBER.
( groans )
WHAT'S WITH THE 20th?
11 DAYS BEFORE HALLOWEEN--
ALL THE GOOD COSTUMES ARE GONE?
TODAY'S THE DAY
CAROL AND I FIRST...
CONSUMMATED OUR...
PHYSICAL RELATIONSHIP.
WITH SEX.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'D BETTER PASS
ON THE GAME.
I THINK I'LL GO HOME
AND THINK ABOUT MY EX-WIFE
AND HER LESBIAN LOVER.
TO HELL WITH HOCKEY.
LET'S ALL DO THAT.
COME ON, ROSS.
YOU, ME, JOEY,
ICE, GUYS NIGHT OUT.
WHAT DO YOU SAY,
BIG GUY? HUH?
HUH? HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
COME ON, ROSS.
ALL RIGHT.
MAYBE IT WILL TAKE
MY MIND OFF IT.
WILL YOU BUY ME
A BIG FOAM FINGER?
YOU GOT IT.
LOOK. LOOK. LOOK.
MY FIRST PAYCHECK.
( cheering )
LOOK.
THERE'S MY NAME.
HI, ME.
I REMEMBER
THE DAY
I GOT MY
FIRST PAYCHECK.
THERE WAS A CAVE-IN
IN THE MINES.
EIGHT PEOPLE WERE KILLED.
WOW. YOU WORKED IN A MINE?
NO. I WORKED AT
A DAIRY QUEEN. WHY?
OH! ISN'T THIS EXCITING?
I EARNED THIS.
I WIPED TABLES FOR IT.
I STEAMED MILK FOR IT.
AND IT WAS TOTALLY...
NOT WORTH IT.
WHO'S "FICA"?
WHY'S HE GETTING ALL MY MONEY?
I MEAN, WHAT..?
CHANDLER, LOOK AT THAT.
OH. THIS IS
NOT THAT BAD.
OH. YOU'RE FINE
FOR A FIRST JOB.
Ross:
YOU CAN TOTALLY,
TOTALLY LIVE
ON THIS.
Phoebe:
YEAH.
HEY, BY THE WAY,
GREAT SERVICE TODAY.
All:
YEAH.
HOCKEY!
Guys:
RACHEL?
( gasps ):
OH, MY GOD!
( screaming )
I'VE SEEN
BIRDS DO THIS
ON WILD KINGDOM.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
DOING HERE?
WELL, WE WERE
IN THE CITY SHOPPING
AND YOUR MOM SAID
YOU WORK HERE
AND IT'S TRUE!
LOOK AT YOU.
YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU'RE IN A PLAY.
GOD, LOOK AT YOU.
YOU ARE SO BIG.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
I'M A DUPLEX.
SO WHAT'S
GOING ON WITH YOU?
WELL, GUESS WHO
MY DAD'S MAKING
PARTNER IN
HIS FIRM?
( screaming )
AND WHILE WE'RE
ON THE SUBJECT OF NEWS...
( screaming )
LOOK. LOOK.
I HAVE ELBOWS.
( screaming )
McTAVISH CROSSES
THE BLUE LINE
PASSES TO LEECH
LEECH SPOTS MESSIER
IN THE CREASE.
HERE'S THE PASS...
WE'LL TAKE
A TIME OUT
WHILE MESSIER STOPS
TO LOOK AT WOMEN'S SHOES.
CAROL WAS WEARING BOOTS
JUST LIKE THOSE
THE NIGHT THAT WE...
WE FIRST, YOU KNOW...
IN FACT, SHE, UH,
NEVER TOOK THEM OFF.
( laughs )
SORRY.
I CAN'T BELIEVE KEENAN...
( groans )
WHAT?
PEACH PIT.
YES, BUNNY?
THAT NIGHT WE, UH,
WE HAD...
PEACHES?
ACTUALLY, NECTARINES.
BUT, BASICALLY...
COULD HAVE BEEN
A PEACH.
THEN WE, UH...
THEN WE GOT DRESSED
AND I WALKED HER TO THE...
THE BUS STOP.
( sighs )
I'M FINE.
HEY, THAT WOMAN'S
GOT AN ASS LIKE CAROL'S.
WHAT?
I THOUGHT WE WERE TRYING
TO FIND STUFF.
COME ON, YOU GUYS,
TELL ME ALL THE DIRT.
WELL, THE BIGGEST NEWS
IS STILL YOU DUMPING BARRY
AT THE ALTAR.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S TALK REALITY
FOR A SECOND.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING HOME?
WHAT... I'M NOT.
COME ON,
THIS IS US.
I'M NOT.
THIS IS WHAT
I'M DOING NOW.
I'VE GOT THIS JOB...
WAITRESSING?
I'M NOT JUST
WAITRESSING.
I MEAN... I, UM...
I WRITE THE SPECIALS
ON THE SPECIALS BOARD
AND I... I, UH...
I TAKE THE DEAD FLOWERS
OUT OF THE VASE.
OH, AND SOMETIMES ARTURO
LETS ME PUT THE CHOCOLATE
BLOBBIES ON THE COOKIES.
WELL, YOUR MOM DIDN'T TELL US
ABOUT THE BLOBBIES.
Monica:
HOW WAS IT
WITH YOUR FRIENDS?
( screaming )
OKAY, HOW WOULD YOU LIKE
SOME TIKI DEATH PUNCH?
WHAT'S THAT?
WELL, IT'S RUM
AND...
OKAY.
WE THOUGHT WE'D HAVE KIND
OF A SLUMBER PARTY THING.
WE GOT SOME
TRASHY MAGAZINES.
WE GOT COOKIE DOUGH,
WE GOT "TWISTER"...
( phone ringing )
OH, AND I BROUGHT "OPERATION"
BUT I LOST THE TWEEZERS
SO WE CAN'T OPERATE.
BUT WE CAN PREP THE GUY.
RACH, IT'S
THE VISA CARD PEOPLE.
OH, GOD, ASK THEM
WHAT THEY WANT.
COULD YOU PLEASE TELL ME
WHAT THIS IS IN REFERENCE TO?
YES... THEY SAY THERE'S BEEN
SOME UNUSUAL ACTIVITY
ON YOUR ACCOUNT.
BUT I HAVEN'T USED
MY CARD IN WEEKS.
THAT IS THE UNUSUAL ACTIVITY.
LOOK, THEY JUST
WANT TO SEE IF YOU'RE OKAY.
THEY WANT TO KNOW
IF I'M OKAY.
OKAY, THEY WANT TO KNOW
OKAY, LET'S SEE...
WELL, THE FICA GUYS
TOOK ALL MY MONEY.
EVERYONE I KNOW IS EITHER
GETTING MARRIED
OR GETTING PREGNANT
OR GETTING PROMOTED
AND I'M GETTING COFFEE,
AND IT'S NOT EVEN FOR ME.
SO IF THAT SOUNDS LIKE I'M OKAY
THEN YOU CAN TELL THEM
I'M OKAY. OKAY?
UH, RACHEL HAS LEFT
THE BUILDING.
CAN YOU CALL BACK?
ALL RIGHT, COME ON...
LET'S PLAY "TWISTER."
SORRY... SORRY...
SORRY.
UH-OH.
WHAT?
THERE WAS ICE THERE
THAT NIGHT WITH CAROL?
PLASTIC SEATS?
4,000 ANGRY
PITTSBURGH FANS?
NO, ACTUALLY,
I WAS JUST SAYING
LOOKS LIKE
WE'RE NOT SITTING TOGETHER.
BUT NOW THAT YOU MENTION IT,
THERE WAS ICE THERE THAT NIGHT.
IT WAS THE FIRST FROST.
WE WERE...
SIT, SIT...
SIT DOWN, SIT.
YOU SHOULD FEEL GREAT.
YOU'RE DOING THIS AMAZING
INDEPENDENT THING.
MONICA, WHAT IS
SO AMAZING?
I GAVE UP, LIKE,
EVERYTHING.
AND FOR WHAT?
YOU ARE JUST LIKE JACK.
JACK FROM DOWNSTAIRS?
NO, JACK AND THE BEANSTALK.
AH, THE OTHER JACK.
YEAH, RIGHT.
SEE, HE GAVE UP
SOMETHING
BUT THEN HE GOT
THOSE MAGIC BEANS
AND THEN
HE WOKE UP
AND THERE WAS THIS BIG PLANT
OUTSIDE OF HIS WINDOW
FULL OF POSSIBILITIES
AND STUFF
AND HE LIVED IN A VILLAGE,
AND YOU LIVE IN THE VILLAGE...
OKAY, BUT PHEEBS,
PHEEBS...
JACK GAVE UP A COW.
I GAVE UP AN ORTHODONTIST.
I KNOW I DIDN'T LOVE HIM.
SEE, JACK DID LOVE THE COW.
BUT, SEE, IT WAS A PLAN.
IT WAS CLEAR.
EVERYTHING WAS FIGURED OUT
AND NOW EVERYTHING'S
KIND OF LIKE...
FLOOPY?
YEAH.
YOU'RE NOT
THE ONLY ONE.
HALF THE TIME,
WE DON'T KNOW
WHERE WE'RE GOING.
AT SOME POINT, IT'S ALL GOING
TO COME TOGETHER
AND IT'S JUST GOING
TO BE... UN-FLOOPY.
LIKE THAT'S A WORD.
BUT MONICA, WHAT IF
IT DOESN'T COME TOGETHER?
PHEEBS?
WELL, CAUSE YOU JUST LIKE...
I DON'T LIKE THIS QUESTION.
OKAY, SEE, SEE,
YOU GUYS--
WHAT IF WE DON'T GET
MAGIC BEANS?
WHAT IF ALL WE'VE GOT
ARE... BEANS?
Ross:
GET HIM, GET HIM.
YES!
YOU'RE NOT LAUGHING NOW,
ARE YOU, PAL?
THAT'S ALL YOU NEEDED--
TOOTHLESS GUYS
HITTING EACH OTHER.
WELL, PASS IT!
PASS IT.
Joey:
HE'S OPEN.
SHOOT IT!
OHH...
HEY, LOOK, WE'RE ON
THAT TV THING.
HEY, LOOK AT THAT, HEY!
EXCUSE ME.
IT SAYS TO CALL
THIS NUMBER
IF YOU'RE NOT
COMPLETELY SATISFIED
WITH THIS CANDY BAR.
WELL, I'M NOT
COMPLETELY SATISFIED.
LISTEN, IT'S KIND OF
AN EMERGENCY.
WELL, I GUESS
YOU'D KNOW THAT
OR WE'D BE IN
THE PREDICAMENT ROOM.
( laughing )
HOLD ON.
FILL THESE OUT.
SIT OVER THERE.
LOOK, I DON'T WANT
TO MAKE ANY TROUBLE
BUT I'M IN A LOT OF PAIN.
MY FACE IS DENTED.
YOU'LL HAVE TO WAIT YOUR TURN.
HOW LONG DO YOU THINK
IT'LL BE?
ANY MINUTE NOW.
HEY, MISS...
UH...
OH...
I'M SO SORRY, YOU GUYS.
I DIDN'T MEAN
TO BRING YOU DOWN.
NO, YOU WERE RIGHT--
I DON'T HAVE A PLAN.
( knocking at door )
PIZZA GUY!
OH, THANK GOD.
FOOD!
PHOEBE?
WHAT?
DO YOU HAVE
A PLAN?
I DON'T EVEN HAVE A "PLA."
HI. ONE MUSHROOM,
GREEN PEPPER AND ONION?
NO, NO... NO, THAT'S
NOT WHAT WE ORDERED!
WE ORDERED A FAT-FREE
CRUST WITH EXTRA CHEESE!
WAIT. YOU'RE NOT
G. STEPHANOPOULOS?
MAN, MY DAD'S
GOING TO KILL ME!
WAIT! DID YOU SAY
G. STEPHANOPOULOS?
YEAH. THIS ONE GOES
ACROSS THE STREET.
I MUST HAVE GIVEN HIM YOURS.
BONEHEAD! BONEHEAD!
IS THIS A SMALL
MEDITERRANEAN GUY
WITH CURIOUSLY
INTELLIGENT GOOD LOOKS?
YEAH. THAT SOUNDS
ABOUT RIGHT.
WAS HE... WAS HE WEARING
A STUNNING BLUE SUIT?
AND A POWER TIE?
NO. PRETTY MUCH JUST A TOWEL.
OH, GOD.
SO YOU GUYS WANT ME
TO TAKE THIS BACK?
WHAT? ARE YOU NUTS?
WE'VE GOT GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS'
PIZZA!
HERE.
UH, PHEEBS...
WHO IS GEORGE SNUFFLEUPAGUS?
THAT'S BIG BIRD'S FRIEND.
I SEE PIZZA!
I WANT TO SEE!
LET ME SEE!
HELLO? WHO ARE WE SPYING ON?
YOU KNOW THE
WHITE HOUSE ADVISOR?
CLINTON'S CAMPAIGN GUY
WITH GREAT HAIR, SEXY SMILE...
REALLY CUTE BUTT?
OH, HIM! THE LITTLE GUY!
OH, I LOVE HIM!
UH, WAIT.
WAIT. I SEE A WOMAN.
TELL ME IT'S
HIS MOTHER.
IT'S DEFINITELY NOT
OH, NO...
WAIT. SHE'S WALKING
ACROSS THE FLOOR.
SHE'S WALKING...
SHE'S GOING
FOR THE PIZZA...
HEY, THAT'S NOT
FOR YOU, BITCH!
EXCUSE ME.
WE'VE BEEN HERE OVER AN HOUR
AND PEOPLE LESS SICK
THAN MY FRIEND HAVE GONE IN.
I MEAN, THAT GUY
WITH THE TOE THING?
WHO'S HE SLEEPING WITH?
OH, COME ON, DORA,
DON'T BE MAD.
I KNOW WE BOTH SAID
SOME THINGS WE...
DIDN'T MEAN, BUT...
THAT DOESN'T MEAN WE STILL
DON'T LOVE EACH OTHER.
YOU KNOW, I...
I FEEL LIKE I'VE LOST HER.
BAH!
LIGHTS STILL OUT?
YEAH.
WELL, MAYBE THEY'RE NAPPING.
OH, PLEASE.
THEY'RE HAVING SEX.
Both:
SHUT UP!
SO... WHAT DO YOU THINK
GEORGE IS LIKE?
I THINK HE'S SHY.
YEAH?
I THINK YOU HAVE TO DRAW
HIM OUT, AND THEN...
WHEN YOU DO,
HE'S A PREPPY ANIMAL.
I REMEMBER THE MOONLIGHT
COMING IN
THROUGH THE OPEN WINDOW.
HER FACE HAD THE MOST
INCREDIBLE GLOW.
YES, THE MOON, THE GLOW,
THE MAGICAL FEELING.
YOU DID THIS PART.
COULD I GET SOME PAINKILLERS
OVER HERE, PLEASE?
HE'S RIGHT.
ENOUGH ALREADY.
WHAT IS THE BIG DEAL
ABOUT TODAY?
SO YOU SLEPT WITH HER
FOR THE FIRST TIME--
SO WHAT?
YOU SLEPT WITH HER
FOR SEVEN YEARS AFTER THAT.
IT'S JUST
A LITTLE MORE COMPLICATED.
IS IT THAT SHE LEFT YOU,
THAT SHE LIKES WOMEN
THAT SHE LEFT YOU FOR ANOTHER
WOMAN THAT LIKES WOMEN?
A LITTLE LOUDER, OKAY?
THERE'S A MAN ON THE 12th FLOOR
IN A COMA
WHO DIDN'T QUITE HEAR YOU.
THEN WHAT?
MY FIRST TIME
WITH CAROL WAS...
( mumbling ):
MY FIRST TIME.
WHAT?
( louder ):
IT WAS MY FIRST... TIME.
WITH CAROL?
OH...
SO IN YOUR WHOLE LIFE
YOU'VE ONLY BEEN
WITH ONE... OH.
WHOA, BOY,
HOCKEY WAS A BIG MISTAKE.
THERE'S A WHOLE BUNCH OF STUFF
WE COULD HAVE DONE TONIGHT.
OKAY, I GOT ONE.
DO YOU REMEMBER
THAT VEGETARIAN PATE
THAT I MADE
THAT YOU LOVED SO MUCH?
UH-HUH.
( chuckling )
WELL, UNLESS GOOSE
IS A VEGETABLE...
OH! OH!
OKAY, FINE, FINE.
NOW I DON'T FEEL SO BAD ABOUT
SLEEPING WITH JASON HURLEY.
WHAT?! YOU SLEPT WITH JASON?
YOU'D ALREADY BROKEN UP.
HOW LONG?
JUST A COUPLE HOURS.
OH, THAT'S NICE.
OKAY, OKAY, I GOT ONE.
ANYWAY, THE VALENTINE TOMMY
ROLLERSON LEFT IN YOUR LOCKER
WAS REALLY FROM ME!
EXCUSE ME?
OH, HELLO? LIKE HE WAS REALLY
GOING TO SEND YOU ONE.
SHE WAS A BIG GIRL.
REALLY? WELL,
AT LEAST BIG GIRLS
DON'T PEE IN THEIR PANTS
IN SEVENTH GRADE.
I WAS LAUGHING!
YOU MADE ME LAUGH!
( both arguing )
THERE HE IS!
WHERE?
RIGHT WHERE WE'VE BEEN
LOOKING ALL NIGHT.
OH, HE'S SO CUTE.
OH, GEORGE, BABY,
DROP THE TOWEL!
DROP THE TOWEL.
WOW!
MAN, CAN YOU BELIEVE
HE'S ONLY HAD SEX
WITH ONE WOMAN?
I THINK IT'S GREAT.
YOU KNOW, IT'S SWEET,
IT'S ROMANTIC...
REALLY?
NAH. YOU KIDDING?
THE GUY'S A FREAK.
HEY!
HEY, BUDDY!
HUH? HUH?
OH... THAT'S ATTRACTIVE.
OH, I THOUGHT YOU WERE GREAT
IN THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS.
OH, COME ON, ADMIT IT--
YOU HAD FUN TONIGHT.
FUN? WHERE WAS THE FUN?
TELL ME SPECIFICALLY
WHICH PART WAS THE FUN PART?
WHERE'S MY PUCK?
OH, THE KID HAS IT.
THE KID?
EXCUSE ME. THAT'S...
THAT'S MY PUCK.
I FOUND IT.
FINDERS KEEPERS, LOSERS WEEPERS.
YOU GOT TO DO IT, MAN.
OH, YEAH? WELL,
I'M RUBBER,
YOU'RE GLUE.
WHATEVER YOU... NAH.
LISTEN, UH...
GIVE ME BACK MY PUCK.
NO.
YES. HOW ABOUT?
NO! NO!
GIVE ME MY PUCK...
HEY! NO ROUGHHOUSING
IN MY E.R.!
GIVE ME MY PUCK!
NOW, THAT WAS FUN.
OKAY, MONICA, "RIGHT FOOT RED."
WE COULD HAVE PLAYED
MONOPOLY, BUT NO...
( knock at door )
THANKS.
OKAY, PHEEBS, "RIGHT HAND BLUE."
GOOD.
( phone rings )
HELLO?
OH, UH, RACHEL,
IT'S THE VISA CARD PEOPLE.
WILL YOU TAKE
MY PLACE?
ALL RIGHT. YES, THIS IS RACHEL.
NO!
HELLO? OH, YEAH, I KNOW.
I HAVEN'T BEEN USING IT MUCH.
OH! WELL, THANKS,
BUT I'M OKAY, REALLY.
TO THE GRAY,
TO THE GRAY.
I'VE GOT MAGIC BEANS.
NO, NO, NEVER... NEVER MIND.
( all yelling )
I'M FINE.